docs/HOSTING.md, before:

# Hosting

# If you own gw2 or bfn on EA App your files might get verified the moment you restart the app. Run the launcher as administrator patch your game, pass in the arguements yourself and press launch from the ea app itself (we're looking into this)

### Garden warfare 1

1. Download the archive from [releases](https://github.com/nocss42/GardenGate/releases)

2. Install the following mods;

[UnlockAll](../Mods/gw1/UnlockAll.fbmod)

3. Open up the launcher go to patcher and press auto detect > patch (keep the ip section empty)

4. Download map loader dll of your choice;

We recommend;

[CinematicTools](https://www.nexusmods.com/plantsvszombiesgardenwarfare/mods/25?tab=files)

[PvzShooterHax](https://github.com/natv1337/PVZShooterHax/releases)

Put the one of your choice to game's directory and name it as `level_loader.dll` and the launcher will auto inject it upon pressing launch.

5. Press load map from in-game ui of your dll and your server should be up

### Garden warfare 2

1. Download the archive from [releases](https://github.com/nocss42/GardenGate/releases) 

2. Download the FBPACK from the repository [here](../Mods/gw2/GardenGate.fbpack)

3. Import the FBPack in Frosty Mod Manager, the load order should be something like this;

<img src="./Assets/load_order.webp" />

4. Open up the launcher go to patcher and press auto detect > patch (keep the ip section empty)

5. Host any map of your choice through the multiplayer portal

### Battle for Neighborville

1. Download the archive from [releases](https://github.com/nocss42/GardenGate/releases)

2. Open up the launcher go to patcher and press auto detect > patch (keep the ip section empty)

3. Host any map of your choice through the multiplayer portal

### (Make sure to port forward `25200` or use some sort of VPN software)
### RadminVPN or Hamachi, Add your friends to the network and join by the IP it provides.

### Mod Credits
Private Play (Dark Damona,brekko)

Private Play Extension (Dark Damona,brekko)

Offline mode + Fixes (brekko, modified)

AIHax (Nam)

Anti-AFK Kick (Virjoinga)

Return to backyard fix (Gigus Chadus)

Commit message:

make it launch as admin (w mingw at least)

docs/HOSTING.md, after:

# Hosting

# If you own bfn on EA App and you want to switch back to official servers, instead of the revert button on the launcher use the repair button on the EA App itself and remove `dinput8.dll` from game directory. (we're looking into this)

### Garden warfare 1

1. Download the archive from [releases](https://github.com/nocss42/GardenGate/releases)

2. Install the following mods;

[UnlockAll](../Mods/gw1/UnlockAll.fbmod)

3. Open up the launcher go to patcher and press auto detect > patch (keep the ip section empty)

4. Download map loader dll of your choice;

We recommend;

[CinematicTools](https://www.nexusmods.com/plantsvszombiesgardenwarfare/mods/25?tab=files)

[PvzShooterHax](https://github.com/natv1337/PVZShooterHax/releases)

Put the one of your choice to game's directory and name it as `level_loader.dll` and the launcher will auto inject it upon pressing launch.

5. Press load map from in-game ui of your dll and your server should be up

### Garden warfare 2

1. Download the archive from [releases](https://github.com/nocss42/GardenGate/releases) 

2. Download the FBPACK from the repository [here](../Mods/gw2/GardenGate.fbpack)

3. Import the FBPack in Frosty Mod Manager, the load order should be something like this;

<img src="./Assets/load_order.webp" />

4. Open up the launcher go to patcher and press auto detect > patch (keep the ip section empty)

5. Host any map of your choice through the multiplayer portal

### Battle for Neighborville

1. Download the archive from [releases](https://github.com/nocss42/GardenGate/releases)

2. Open up the launcher go to patcher and press auto detect > patch (keep the ip section empty)

3. Host any map of your choice through the multiplayer portal

### (Make sure to port forward `25200` or use some sort of VPN software)
### RadminVPN or Hamachi, Add your friends to the network and join by the IP it provides.

### Mod Credits
Private Play (Dark Damona,brekko)

Private Play Extension (Dark Damona,brekko)

Offline mode + Fixes (brekko, modified)

AIHax (Nam)

Anti-AFK Kick (Virjoinga)

Return to backyard fix (Gigus Chadus)
